Research descriptions (#491)
ldtteam/MinecoloniesWiki: source/buildings/university.md

| Scholarly | Studious | Library at least level 4; 24 books | Increases the rate colonists level up by 25% |
| Agile | Nimble | Town Hall at least level 4; 10 rabbit feet | Increases colonists' speed by 10% |
| Lifesaver II | Lifesaver | Town Hall at least level 4; 64 hay bales | Increases colonists' health by 4 hearts |
| Spectacle | Festival | Restaurant at least level 4; 18 cakes | Increases colonists' happiness by 15% |
| Nightowl II | Festival | 75 golden carrots | Colonists' bedtime is pushed back by 2 in-game hours (3 hours total if you've also researched Nightowl) |
| Stuffer | Gorger | Restaurant at least level 4; 128 cookies | The saturation of every food colonists eat goes up by 50% |
| Bachelor | Bookworm | Library at least level 3; 12 bookshelves | Increases the effectiveness of Teachers by 25% |
| Puberty | Hormones | Library at least level 3; 128 cooked chicken | Decreases the time it takes children to grow up by 25% |

### Fifth Column

| Name | Prerequisites | Requirements | Effects |
| ---- | ------------- | ------------ | ------- |
| Compress | Bandages | Library level 5; 32 golden carrots | Every tick that a colonist is healing, they heal by 100% more |

> | Fortitude | Vitality | Restaurant level 5; 32 golden apples | Normally colonists can only heal if they have full saturation. With this research, they can heal if they have 2 shanks less |

Reviewer: Some people might not immediately know what shanks refers to. Not sure though. (and the one further up and further down)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fortitude | Vitality | Restaurant level 5; 32 golden apples | Colonists can heal with only 80% saturation |
```
It should be satiation really, but I'd rather be consistent.

| Is this Redstone? | Hot! | 128 redstone dust | Increases colonists' block breaking speed by 10% |
| The Flintstones | Hot! | Smeltery at least level 3; 64 stone bricks | Unlocks the [Stone Smeltery](../../source/buildings/stonesmeltery) |
| Those lungs! | Hot! | Smeltery at least level 3; 64 glass | Unlocks the [Glassblower's Hut](../../source/buildings/glassblower) |
| Strong | Hitting Iron | Blacksmith's Hut at least level 1; 8 diamonds | Increases colonists' tools' durability by 5% |
| Ability | Hitting Iron | Mine at least level 1; 64 iron ingots | Increases colonists' block placing speed by 10% |
| Veinminer | Hitting Iron | Mine at least level 1; 32 iron ore | Increases the number of ores the [Miner](../../source/workers/miner) produces by 10% |
| What ya Need? | Hitting Iron | Blacksmith's Hut at least level 3; 64 redstone dust | Unlocks the [Mechanic's Hut](../../source/buildings/mechanic) |

### Third Column

| Name | Prerequisites | Requirements | Effects |
| ---- | ------------- | ------------ | ------- |
| Rainbow Heaven | Flower power | Flower Shop at least level 3; 64 poppies | Unlocks the [Dyer's Hut](../../source/buildings/dyer) |

> | Double Trouble | Let it Grow | Plantation at least level 3; 64 bamboo, 64 sugar cane, 64 cacti | Lets the [Planter](../../source/workers/planter) plant 2 out of 3 crops at the same time (with this research, whichever crop you choose on the 2nd page of the Plantation GUI is the one that will *not* be planted) |

Reviewer: I think this clarification in parentheses should be made on the planter page, and not here. It is unrelated to the capability of the research itself.

| Higher Learning | House at least level 3; 3 books | Unlocks the [School](../../source/buildings/school) |

### Second Column

| Name | Prerequisites | Requirements | Effects |
| ---- | ------------- | ------------ | ------- |
| Band Aid | Stamina | Library at least level 2; 1 golden carrot | Every tick that a colonist is healing, they heal by 10% more |
| Resistance | Stamina | [Restaurant](../../source/buildings/restaurant) at least level 2; 1 golden apple | Colonists can heal with only 95% saturation |
| Outpost | Keen | House at least level 4; 64 steak | Lets you have over 25 colonists |
| Diligent | Keen | Library at least level 2; 6 books | Increases the rate colonists level up by 5% |
| Rails | Keen | [Courier's Hut](../../source/buildings/courier) at least level 3; 64 rails | Lets colonists use rails to get around. You don't need to provide them with minecarts, as they automagically create their own for each trip |
| First Aid II | First Aid | Town Hall at least level 2; 16 hay bales | Increases colonists' health by 2 hearts |
| Circus | First Aid | Restaurant at least level 2; 1 cake | Increases colonists' happiness by 5% |

> | Gourmand | First Aid | Restaurant at least level 2; 32 cookies | Colonists' saturation is increased by 10% |

Reviewer: Oops, to clarify, this is still per food, but food increases the colonists' saturation, and doesn't have saturation itself per se.
```suggestion
| Gourmand | First Aid | Restaurant at least level 2; 32 cookies | Food consumed by colonists' is 10% more effective |
```

Author: Maybe "Food consumed by colonists increases their saturation by 10%"?

Reviewer: It does not increase the saturation of the colonists by ten percent. It increases the amount that the food restores by ten percent. So the buff is according to the food, not the colonist. So that may be more, or less, than 10% of the total saturation of the colonist. That is why that suggestion makes the most sense.

Author: In my opinion the suggestion could also refer to increasing the food's hunger by 10%. What about "Food consumed by colonists is 10% more effective to increase their saturation"?

Reviewer: I see very little difference in the interpretation of those two statements, but if you feel the clarification necessary then sure. 
"Food is 10% more effective at restoring colonists' saturation"
I guess we could be here til Christmas trying to refine this, but you might just have to pick one :smiley:
